Clarify Listener API behavior (#32269)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/administration-and-deployment/listeners.rst

To include the listener in your Airflow installation, include it as a part of an :doc:`Airflow Plugin </authoring-and-scheduling/plugins>`

> Listener API is meant to be called across all DAGs and all operators. You can't listen to events generated by specific DAGs. For that behavior, try methods like ``on_success_callback`` and ``pre_execute``. These provide callbacks for particular DAG authors or operator creators.The logs and prints will be handled as part of the listeners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Listener API is meant to be called across all DAGs and all operators. You can't listen to events generated by specific DAGs. For that behavior, try methods like ``on_success_callback`` and ``pre_execute``. These provide callbacks for particular DAG authors or operator creators. The logs and prints will be handled as part of the listeners.
```

> Listener API is meant to be called across all DAGs and all operators. You can't listen to events generated by specific DAGs. For that behavior, try methods like ``on_success_callback`` and ``pre_execute``. These provide callbacks for particular DAG authors or operator creators. The logs and prints will be handled as part of the listeners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Listener API is meant to be called across all DAGs and all operators. You can't listen to events generated by specific DAGs. For that behavior, try methods like ``on_success_callback`` and ``pre_execute``. These provide callbacks for particular DAG authors or operator creators. The logs and ``print()`` calls will be handled as part of the listeners.
```

For further clarity?
